#Overview of the analysis
##The purpose of this analysis is to use PgAdmin to import various data sets, process them, and then to export them as csv to create discrete lists on who in the company is on the way of aging out and who would be a potential member to train up to replace them at some point in the future.
#Results
## * There seems to be good retention for many people in the company, with many people holding many titles within the company. This is attractive to future candidates as a stable workplace, and by proxy of being around long term things like pay and benefits may be an advantage at the company
## * There is a large amount of the workforce that will be retiring in the short term. To avoid huge labor issues in the future it may be smart to start recruiting new people and to promote and train current veterans to replace these senior leadership positions
## * A large majority of the retiring titles are Senior Engineer/Staff, which are assumed to be more skill-intensive positions that would require more in depth training and searches in order to replace them in a manner that is suitable to the company. This also makes sense since these senior positions would take a long time to acquire, so older people retaining these positions is logical
## * The internship eligibility list seems to only be for post- college graduates. Updating this list to include people currently in college for positions in the company would secure loyal, competent people to help replace those aging out of the company
# Summary
## Roughly 80,000 Roles are going to be vacant based on the data collected in this exercise, more than half of them senior positions of senior engineer and staff positions at the company. Currently, there are not enough people at the company to fill these positions, which in the long term could create significant backlash with a void of leadership and experience directing the company. Expanding the mentorship program to undergrads outside the company that have proven themselves with good grades/recommendations in return for internships and employment could help backfill some of the positions as current senior positions are filled by experienced individuals in the company.

